docs/about.md, before:

# About Agda-Material

!!! warning

    This version was deployed from the `dev` branch of the repository

Agda-Material supports **generation of websites** with
**highlighted, hyperlinked listings** of (plain or literate) Agda source code.

See the **[README]** page for how to create a repository for using
Agda-Material.

See the **[User Guide]** for a summary of how to generate websites and PDFs
with Agda-Material.

## Background

Agda can generate highlighted, hyperlinked web pages from a root module,
automatically generating a separate page for each imported module. But it is
left to the user to incorporate the generated pages in a website, and to
publish the website.

Agda-Material automates the steps that Agda leaves to the user. After creating
a GitHub repository from the Agda-Material template and adding Agda code, 
some simple commands generate a website with highlighted, hyperlinked listings
of the root module and all its imported modules, and publish the website on
GitHub Pages -- optionally with multiple versions.

## Main features

- **Automatic regeneration**:
  `make web` generates or updates a website.

- **Local preview**:
  `make serve` lets you browse the generated website locally.

- **Automatic publication**:
  `make deploy` publishes the website on GitHub Pages.

### Generated websites

- **Navigation menu**:
  a generated hierarchical menu with links to all imported Agda modules.
  Each page shows the path to the current page (so-called breadcrumbs).

- **Hyperlinks**:
  clicking on a name in a generated web page jumps to its declaration
  and shows the location of the module in the navigation hierarchy.

- **Highlighted occurrences**:
  hovering over a name highlights *all* the occurrences of that name
  on the page.

- **Light or dark**:
  users can toggle between light, dark, and automatic color palettes.

- **Responsive page layout**:
  for browsing on tablets and mobile devices as well as desktop displays.

- **Options**:
  a generated website can include the ordinary HTML pages generated by Agda.

- **Versioning**:
  when multiple versions of a website have been published, users can switch
  between them in the browser.

- **Search**:
  the browser displays all files that contain occurrences of any of the words
  specified in the search field.[^1]

[^1]:
    Search works best for websites where each page is divided into small
    sections. It is currently of limited use for websites generated from
    large Agda modules. Moreover, it appears that some ASCII characters
    do not produce the expected results (evn when escaped by `\`).

  [README]: README.md
  [User Guide]: user-guide.md

Commit message:

Major update
- Improve versioning commands
- Improve documentation

docs/about.md, after:

# About Agda-Material

!!! info

    This version was deployed from the `main` branch of the repository.

Agda-Material supports **generation of websites** with
**highlighted, hyperlinked listings** of (plain or literate) Agda source code.

See the **[README]** page for how to create a repository for using
Agda-Material.

See the **[User Guide]** for a summary of how to generate websites and PDFs
with Agda-Material.

## Background

Agda can generate highlighted, hyperlinked web pages from a root module,
automatically generating a separate page for each imported module. But it is
left to the user to incorporate the generated pages in a website, and to
publish the website.

Agda-Material automates the steps that Agda leaves to the user. After creating
a GitHub repository from the Agda-Material template and adding Agda code, 
some simple commands generate a website with highlighted, hyperlinked listings
of the root module and all its imported modules, and publish the website on
GitHub Pages -- optionally with multiple versions.

## Main features

After adjusting the parameter settings in the `Makefile` to specify the root
module and the source directory, you can run the following commands to
generate, browse, and deploy a website.

- **Automatic regeneration**:
  `make web` generates or updates a website.

- **Local preview**:
  `make serve` lets you browse the generated website locally.

- **Automatic publication**:
  `make deploy` publishes the website on GitHub Pages.

### Generated websites

The websites have the following features.

- **Navigation menu**:
  a generated hierarchical menu with links to all imported Agda modules.
  Each page shows the path to the current page (so-called breadcrumbs).

- **Hyperlinks**:
  clicking on a name in a generated web page jumps to its declaration
  and shows the location of the module in the navigation hierarchy.

- **Highlighted occurrences**:
  hovering over a name highlights *all* the occurrences of that name
  on the page.

- **Light or dark**:
  users can toggle between light, dark, and automatic color palettes.

- **Responsive page layout**:
  for browsing on tablets and mobile devices as well as desktop displays.

- **Options**:
  a generated website can include the ordinary HTML pages generated by Agda.

- **Versioning**:
  when multiple versions of a website have been published, users can switch
  between them in the browser.

- **Search**:
  the browser displays all files that contain occurrences of any of the words
  specified in the search field.[^1]

[^1]:
    Search works best for websites where each page is divided into small
    sections. It is currently of limited use for websites generated from
    large Agda modules. Moreover, it appears that some ASCII characters
    do not produce the expected results (evn when escaped by `\`).

  [README]: README.md
  [User Guide]: user-guide.md
